+++
title = 'Writing Quests Framework'
date = 2024-06-15T16:31:53+01:00
draft = false
+++

To access and use the Writing Quests Framwork, you agree to the terms of the **Writing Quests Click-Through Agreement**

## Community Values 

Welcome to Writing Quests, where every story matters and every voice
is heard. By clicking "I Agree," you acknowledge and commit to our
community values.

### Non-Discrimination

We embrace diversity and ensure an inclusive environment where all
writers are treated with respect and dignity.

### Universal Writing Belief

Everyone has a story to tell. Writing Quests is a platform where every
person can be a writer, regardless of their background or experience.

### Meritocracy of Ideas

Here, everyone can be a winner. We celebrate the effort and creativity
in each submission, recognizing that every contribution enriches our
collective narrative.

### Supportive Community

We are committed to providing a supportive space for writers to grow
and flourish. Our community thrives on encouragement, constructive
feedback, and mutual respect.

### Storytelling at Heart

We hold a firm belief that stories have the power to change the world.
Your tales, whether fact or fiction, contribute to the vast tapestry
of the human experience.

### Plain Language

We advocate for clear and straightforward communication. Our content
is accessible, avoiding jargon to ensure understanding across diverse
audiences.

By proceeding, you agree to hold these community values in your
inactions and contributions to Writing Quests. Let's embark on this
journey together, where every story is an adventure waiting to be
shared.

Before you embark on your writing adventure, please take a moment to
read and accept our Terms and Conditions (T&C).

## Terms and Conditions

### Acceptance of Terms

By clicking the **Agree and Continue** button, you acknowledge that you have
read, understood, and agree to be bound by the following terms and
conditions. If you do not agree to these terms, do not use Writing
Quests.

### Service Description

Writing Quests provides a platform for writers to engage in creative
writing exercises, prompts, and challenges (\"Service\"). The Service
may change from time to time at our discretion.

### User Obligations

You agree to use Writing Quests in compliance with all applicable laws
and regulations and not to use it for any unlawful purpose. You are
responsible for any content you create or share through the Service.

### Intellectual Property

By accessing and using this content, you acknowledge and agree that it
is provided under the Creative Commons
Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License.
Accordingly, you are free to share, copy, redistribute, remix,
transform, and build upon the material, provided that:

* You give **appropriate credit** to the original author(s),
provide a link to the license, and indicate if any changes were made
to the content.

* You do not use the material for **commercial purposes**.

* If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must
distribute your contributions under the **same license** as the
original.

For the full terms of the license, please visit the Creative Commons
website or refer to the [license deed](https://www.creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/deed.en).

### Privacy Policy

Your use of Writing Quests is also governed by our Privacy Policy,
which explains how we collect, use, and protect your personal
information.

### Changes to Agreement

We may update these T&Cs from time to time. Your continued use of
Writing Quests after posted changes will constitute your acceptance of
such changes.

### Contact Information

If you have any questions about these T&C, please contact us at
[support @ writingquests.org](mailto:support@writingquests.org)

## Do you agree?

I Agree to the Writing Quests Terms and Conditions. 

[![Confirm and Continue](/confirm-and-continue.png)](/framework/framework)
